fix(sonarr): Add Missing Optionals (#1657)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf/sonarr-optional.md

    | [{{ sonarr['cf']['obfuscated']['name'] }}](/Sonarr/Sonarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#obfuscated)                 |   {{ sonarr['cf']['obfuscated']['trash_scores']['default'] }}    | {{ sonarr['cf']['obfuscated']['trash_id'] }}      |
    | [{{ sonarr['cf']['retags']['name'] }}](/Sonarr/Sonarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#retags)                         |     {{ sonarr['cf']['retags']['trash_scores']['default'] }}      | {{ sonarr['cf']['retags']['trash_id'] }}          |
    | [{{ sonarr['cf']['scene']['name'] }}](/Sonarr/Sonarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#scene)                           |      {{ sonarr['cf']['scene']['trash_scores']['default'] }}      | {{ sonarr['cf']['scene']['trash_id'] }}           |
    | [{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['name'] }}](/Sonarr/Sonarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#x265-no-hdrdv) :warning: |  {{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['trash_scores']['default'] }}  | {{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['trash_id'] }}   |

    ------

    Breakdown and Why

>     - **{{ sonarr['cf']['bad-dual-groups']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] These groups take the original release, then they add their own preferred language (ex. Portuguese) as the main audio track (AAC 2.0), What results after renaming and FFprobe that the media file will be recognized as Portuguese AAC audio. It's a common rule that you add the best audio as first.
>     Also they often even rename the release name in to Portuguese.
>     - **{{ sonarr['cf']['no-rlsgroup']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Some indexers strip out the release group what could result in LQ groups getting a higher score. For example a lot of EVO releases end up stripping the group name, so they appear as "upgrades", and they end up getting a decent score if other things match.
>     - **{{ sonarr['cf']['obfuscated']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] (use these only if you dislike renamed releases)
>     - **{{ sonarr['cf']['retags']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use this only if you dislike retagged releases. This will help avoid retagged releases that may no longer meet the quality of the original group (e.g. TGx downsampling a NTb release from 5.1 audio to 2.0 audio yet maintain the NTb naming)
>     - **{{ sonarr['cf']['scene']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] (use these only if you dislike scene releases)
>     - **{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['name'] }}:** This blocks 720/1080p (HD) releases that are encoded in x265. - More info [HERE](/Misc/x265-4k/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}.
> 
>         **But it will allow x265 releases if they have HDR and/or DV**
> 
>         *Being that some NF releases won't be released as 4k, but you want to have DV/HDR releases.*
> 
>         In your quality profile use the following score for this Custom Format: `{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['trash_scores']['default'] }}`
> 
>         !!! Danger "Don't use this together with [{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-hd']['name'] }}](/Sonarr/Sonarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#x265-hd), Only ever include one of them :warning:"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **{{ sonarr['cf']['bad-dual-groups']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] These groups take the original release and add their own language track (e.g. AAC 2.0 Portuguese) as the first track. Afterward, FFprobe would determine that the media file is Portuguese. It's a common rule that you only add the best audio as the main track.
    Also they often even rename the release name into Portuguese.
    - **{{ sonarr['cf']['no-rlsgroup']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Some indexers strip out the release group which could result in LQ groups being scored incorrectly. For example, a lot of EVO releases end up with a stripped group name. These releases would appear as "upgrades" and could end up getting a decent score after other CFs are scored.
    - **{{ sonarr['cf']['obfuscated']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use these only if you wish to avoid renamed releases.
    - **{{ sonarr['cf']['retags']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use this if you wish to avoid retagged releases. Retagged releases often are not consistent with the quality of the original group's release (e.g. TGx downsampling an NTb release from 5.1 audio to 2.0 audio, yet maintaining the NTb naming).
    - **{{ sonarr['cf']['scene']['name'] }}:** [*Optional*] Use this only if you want to avoid SCENE releases.
    - **{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['name'] }}:** This blocks 720/1080p (HD) releases that are encoded in x265. - More info [HERE](/Misc/x265-4k/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}.

        **This will allow x265 releases if they have HDR and/or DV**

        *Being that some NF releases won't be released as 4k, but you want to have DV/HDR releases.*

        In your quality profile use the following score for this Custom Format: `{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-no-hdrdv']['trash_scores']['default'] }}`

        !!! Danger "Don't use this combined with [{{ sonarr['cf']['x265-hd']['name'] }}](/Sonarr/Sonarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#x265-hd), Only ever apply one of them. :warning:"
```
